c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\MultiFileAttach.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\MultiFileAttach.pdb
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.dll
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.pdb
c:\users\asante-pc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\MultiFileAttach.dll.config
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\MultiFileAttach.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\MultiFileAttach.pdb
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.dll
C:\Users\Asante-PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MultiFileAttach\obj\Debug\MultiFileAttach.pdb
